= ActiveadminDraggable

ActiveadminDraggable is a items reordering add on to active_admin tables.
With build in javascript and methods allows you to easily change your item index tables
in active_admin into sortable tables. With one click you will be able to enter +reorder+ mode
and drag and drop items to desired position in the list. Asynchronous javascript will update their
position for you.

Functionality was initialy created by @detomastah for one of our projects. 

== Installation

* Install activeadmin_draggable

  Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

      gem 'activeadmin_draggable'

  And then execute:

      $ bundle

  Or install it yourself as:

      $ gem install activeadmin_draggable

  Add to your application.js
    
      //= require activeadmin_draggable

* Install acts_as_list 

  acts_as_list adds lists functionality to your models basing on position column. 

  Basic setup required for this gem to work is:

  Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

      gem 'acts_as_list'

  And then execute:

      $ bundle

  Or install it yourself as:

      $ gem install acts_as_list

== Usage
  
* the +list+ functionality

  First you need to add +acts_as_list+ to resource you want to make sortable in active_admin.

  You can find details docs at: https://github.com/swanandp/acts_as_list but for our purpouses you just need to:

    rails g migration AddPositionToResourceName position:integer
    rake db:migrate

  After that you can use acts_as_list method in the model:

    class SomeClass < ActiveRecord::Base
      acts_as_list
    end
 
* adding +sortable_table+ in active_admin resource

  Suppose we want to make Post resource sortable

  Require +'activeadmin_draggable'+ on the top of your file.

  Add index action using newly added +:sortable_table+ view

    ActiveAdmin.register Post do

       # set sort_order = "position_asc"
       # add collection_action and +reorder+ button
       add_reorder_mode

       ...


  Texts can be of course changed.
    * data-off_text for disabling reorder mode
    * data-on_text for enabling reorder mode

== Contributing

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create new Pull Request
